Update Schema Management How To for new template (#1062)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/schema-management/index.md

# Schema management
A database schema defines how the tables and indexes in your database are
organized. Using a schema that is appropriate for your workload can result in
significant performance improvements.

*   [Learn about schema management][about-schema] to understand how it works
    before you begin using it.
*   [Learn about indexing][about-indexing] to understand how it works before you
    begin using it.

> *   [Learn about tablespaces][about-tablespaces] to understand how it works before
>     you begin using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   [Learn about tablespaces][about-tablespaces] to understand how they work before
    you begin using them.
```

> *   [Learn about constraints][about-constraints] to understand how it works before
>     you begin using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   [Learn about constraints][about-constraints] to understand how they work before
    you begin using them.
```

*   [Alter a hypertable][schema-alter] to modify your schema.

> *   [Create an index][schema-indexing] to speed up ytour queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   [Create an index][schema-indexing] to speed up your queries.
```

*   [Create triggers][schema-triggers] to propogate your schema changes to chunks.
*   [Use JSON and JSONB][schema-json] for semi-structured data.

> [about-schema]: /schema-management/about-schemas
> [about-indexing]: /schema-management/indexing
> [about-constraints]: /schema-management/constraints
> [about-tablespaces]: /schema-management/tablespaces
> [schema-alter]: /schema-management/alter
> [schema-triggers]: /schema-management/triggers
> [schema-json]: /schema-management/json
> [schema-indexing]: timescaledb/how-to-guides/schema-management/indexing.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[about-schema]: /how-to-guides/schema-management/about-schemas
[about-indexing]: /how-to-guides/schema-management/indexing
[about-constraints]: /how-to-guides/schema-management/constraints
[about-tablespaces]: /how-to-guides/schema-management/tablespaces
[schema-alter]: /how-to-guides/schema-management/alter
[schema-triggers]: /how-to-guides/schema-management/triggers
[schema-json]: /how-to-guides/schema-management/json
[schema-indexing]: /how-to-guides/schema-management/indexing
```
